Add March 2023 release notes (#932)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/release-notes/march-2023.md

    It's important to note that Semgrep Pro Engine doesn't examine the definitions of the getter and setter methods, and it doesn't know whether other methods like `obj.clearX()` clear the taint that `obj.setX(tainted)` adds. Nonetheless, this new feature enables Semgrep to detect vulnerabilities more accurately in tainted data flow in Java code.
    

### Changed

- CI scans that use Semgrep Pro Engine now run intrafile and interprocedural taint analysis by default in differential scans (such as PR or MR scans). Note that interfile analysis is not run
in differential scans for performance reasons.

## Semgrep Cloud Platform

### Added

- For organizations with role-based access control (RBAC) enabled, members are now able to [log in through the CLI](https://semgrep.dev/docs/semgrep-app/user-management/#member-scoped-access-tokens) and send findings data from their local machine to the Semgrep Cloud Platform.

## Semgrep Supply Chain

### Added

> - You can now receive Semgrep Supply Chain notifications in your Slack channel. Be notified of **reachable vulnerabilities** as soon as a scan finishes. Install the [Semgrep Slack app](https://returntocorp.slack.com/apps/A03BM27NJ0H-semgrep?tab=more_info), then type `/semgrep_subscribe` to start setting up your Slack notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can now receive Semgrep Supply Chain notifications in your Slack channel. Be notified of **reachable vulnerabilities** as soon as a scan finishes. Sign in to Semgrep Cloud Platform and click Settings > Integrations > Add integration > Slack and follow the instructions to start setting up your Slack notifications.
```

I made this change to my own text because this is the preferred method to add integrations (better to do it through SCP than through Slack on the browser - the user might not be logged in to their Slack workspace in the browser, but is logged in their Slack App.)
